Add NPM detection of sensitive data exfiltration javascript code (#346)
DataDog/guarddog: README.md

| release_zero | Identify packages with an release version that's 0.0 or 0.0.0 |
| typosquatting | Identify packages that are named closely to an highly popular package |
| potentially_compromised_email_domain | Identify when a package maintainer e-mail domain (and therefore package manager account) might have been compromised |

> | unclaimed_maintainer_email_domain | Identify when a package maintainer e-mail domain (and therefore package manager account) is currently unclaimed and could be registered by an attacker |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| unclaimed_maintainer_email_domain | Identify when a package maintainer e-mail domain (and therefore npm account) is unclaimed and can be registered by an attacker |
```

Author: fixed in https://github.com/DataDog/guarddog/pull/346/commits/d10a646a725f3ccb6d66a5c9e5dce7326e1b542d

| shady-links | Identify when a package contains an URL to a domain with a suspicious extension |
| npm-exec-base64 | Identify when a package dynamically executes code through 'eval' |
| npm-install-script | Identify when a package has a pre or post-install script automatically running commands |
| npm-exfiltrate-sensitive-data | Identify when a package reads and exfiltrates sensitive data from the local system |

> | npm-exfiltrate-sensitive-data | Identify when a package reads and exfiltrates sensitive data from the local system |

Reviewer: duplicate?

Author: It seems a bug with the doc generator when a rule has two languages belonging to the same ecosystem. e.g: javascript, typescript
I'll fix it

Author: fixed in https://github.com/DataDog/guarddog/pull/346/commits/d10a646a725f3ccb6d66a5c9e5dce7326e1b542d
